1.C program to create, declare and initialize structure.
This program will define a structure, declare an object of the structure and initialize the structure members.
2.C program to read and print an employee's detail using structure.
This program will read and print the employee's details like name, employee id, salary etc using structure.
3.C program to demonstrate example of nested structure.
This program will demonstrate example of Nested Structure in C language, how to define, declare and access the nested structure?
4.C program to demonstrate example structure pointer (structure with pointer).
This program will demonstrate example of pointer to structure, structure pointer in C.
5.C program to demonstrate example structure pointer (structure with pointer) using user define function.
This program will demonstrate example of pointer to structure, structure pointer using USER DEFINE FUNCTION in C.
6.C program to declare, initialize an union, example of union.
Union example: this program will demonstrate example of union, how to define, declare a union and how to access of the members of union?
7.C program to demonstrate example of structure of array.
Structure of Array: this program will demonstrate example of structure of array, how to declare an array within structure how to access its elements?
8.C program to add two distances in feet and inches using structure.
This program will read two distances in feet and inches and add them; final result will be printed in the form of feet and inches using structure in C.
9.C program to extract individual bytes from an unsigned int using union.
This program will read an integer number and extract its bytes using union in C language.
10.C program for passing structures as function arguments and returning a structure from a function.
This program will demonstrate example for passing Structures as function arguments and returning a structure from a function in C language.
11.Calculate party expenses using C program.
This program will read and calculate item prices used in party and divide the expenses amount in friends equally in C programming language.
12.C program to find the size of the union
Here, we will create a union with some members and then we print the size of the union on the console screen. The union allocates the space of one member at a time.